the arena of day where we get to watch
other people wet themselves impede these
hogs with once again just two newcomers
each fighting to prove their worth to
stay among us let's hear it for Jack
back there you are who are you demo says
I am to be his new counselor he says my
wisdom will serve him well o yonder
they must also says that you too are
likely to die in the arena today and the
hopes your that is very will you stop
that famous can talk for himself is
right you will most likely die and yes
becquer is my new advisor unlike you
some people appreciate my talents it
beats working for a living I saw a few
of the fights earlier oh not a pretty
sight why you little let the games begin
you
the candidates have won the challenge
that's right we bad you haven't
forgotten when I talked to Jack anyone
can make a few melee jumps now let's see
how you weighed against the living we
adjust the matter forms prepare the
arena for full combat prepare the arena
for who'll come back I just said that I
know I was just you know how you do the
thing with anyway prepare the Warriors
you mean we have to fight against actual
people with actual weapons who actually
will hurt us bring them on
all right that's it I want to be on his
shoulder
something in that telling us animal man
he has been touched with dark eco my
leash our boy here gets all mean and
nasty when you piss him off so don't
piss him on where to device ah then he
is dangerous and that could be useful
your bravery has earned you your first
battle amulet if you are victorious in
two more arena fights you will earn your
citizenship since parkus
here is a game pass to allow free
passage in and out of the city but
beware there is no true refuge outside
our walls the desert is less kind and I
and for your victory a gun mod is your
prize
you